Create trial-maintainers.md (#613)
space-wizards/docs: src/en/wizden-staff/maintainer/trial-maintainers.md

# Trial maintainers & Mentoring

Trial maintainers are candidates for full maintainer-ship, who are under supervision by a full maintainer tutoring them and giving them the chance to improve their knowledge about programming and the codebase. This includes a basic introduction into our tooling, workflows, meetings and getting accustomed to how maintainers handle everyday tasks.

The role is intended to allow us to recruit more people as upstream maintainers and help with the onboarding process as a whole. Since trial maintainers don't have as much codebase knowledge yet, mistakes are something we expect to happen and the mentoring maintainer will serve as a safety net to keep up code quality and avoid bugs in the game.

> Our focus for trial maintainers and their mentoring is to teach and support them during their trial period. Helping them aquire a sense for healthy programming practices that would otherwise take a long time to build up on their own. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our focus for trial maintainers and their mentoring is to teach and support them during their trial period. Helping them acquire a sense for healthy programming practices that would otherwise take a long time to build up on their own. 
```

Spelling mistake.

## Trial maintainer application

> After their application trial maintainers will be accepted through the same vote normal maintainers require. In addition maintainers will look at their previous coding work listed in their application and ask the person who vouched for them about their behaviour in other communities to make sure they are a good fit for our staff. Trial maintainers can only be accepted if a maintainer volunteers as a mentor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After their application trial, maintainers will be accepted through the same vote that normal maintainers require. In addition, maintainers will look at their previous coding work listed in their application and ask the person who vouched for them about their behaviour in other communities to make sure they are a good fit for our staff. Trial maintainers can only be accepted if a maintainer volunteers as a mentor.
```

## Peer Reviews
Mentors hold occasional peer reviews in a voicechat with their assigned trial maintainers to facilitate teaching them how to spot problematic code, how to communicate with contributors in a constructive way and answer any questions that come up during the review.

Additionally an introductory onboarding session will be held shortly after the applicant got accepted. 

## Trial maintainer-ship duration

> (The preliminary trail duration is 2 months. This may be adjusted later, after the first few trials passed). After the trial period the assigned mentor presents their opinion on the trial maintainer and maintainers will vote on whether their trial continues, ends or they get accepted as a full maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(The preliminary trial duration is 2 months. This may be adjusted later, after the first few trials have passed. After the trial period, the assigned mentor presents their opinion on the trial maintainer, and maintainers vote on whether the trial continues, ends, or is accepted as a full maintainer.
```
